# ISR-TrafSim-V2.0
Source code (MATLAB): Intelligent Traffic Management at Intersections: Legacy Mode for Vehicles not Equipped with V2V and V2I Communications; L.C.Bento, R.Parafita, S.Santos and U.Nunes; 16th IEEE Int.Conf. Intelligent Transportation Systems, Hague, Netherlands, 2013.

Abstract-This paper describes a legacy algorithm for an intelligent traffic management system applied to automatic regulation of traffic at intersections. The application of the legacy algorithm enables the intelligent intersection to accommodate vehicles, in a low percentage, not equipped or with faulty V2V and V2I communications. The developed intelligent traffic management techniques, which are based on a spatiotemporal reservation scheme, aim to minimize accidents, traffic congestion and consequently the environmental costs of road traffic. The performance of three intelligent traffic management algorithms applied to road intersections, roundabouts and crossroads, are analyzed. Compared with traditional traffic management techniques, simulation results using the developed intelligent traffic management techniques, show that the traffic output flux can be increased, traffic flow rate can be higher and the average time to cross intersections can be significantly reduced. This reduction is more pronounced when the traffic flow is heavy. The conducted studies show that the inclusion of a low percentage of vehicles, not equipped or with faulty V2V and V2I communications, in intelligent intersections using the legacy algorithm, have a low impact on the traffic flow.
